---
title:  "Setting up Dynamics 365 for Marketing"
draft: false
weight: 1
datetitle: "2017.08.23 | "
image: "artical1.jpg"
Author: "Takafumi Noguchi"
authorimage: "authorimage.jpg"
showinhome: true
showinaccordian: false
rightMenu: "artical"
linkdin: ""
---
<!-- Intro  -->
Have you ever heard of a marketing support application called **Dynamics 365 for Marketing**?

Dynamics 365 for Marketing is an application that allows you to analyze how effective your marketing efforts are in reaching potential customers who have received information from your company's website, blog, mail magazines, or who have attended your seminars or events.

Originally, Marketing was a marketing function associated with Sales that could be used mainly for sending campaign emails. In recent years, however, the need for MA (Marketing Automation) tools has increased and the application has evolved into Dynamics 365 for Marketing. If you are using a Customer Engagement Plan license, this is the application you should definitely take advantage of.


## What can you do?
Dynamics 365 for Marketing includes the following features

<!-- Quate Box -->
* **Core Marketing**
It provides email marketing, customer experience, behavioral tracking, lead scoring, marketing pages, and more. These features are the core functionality of the Marketing app and are unique to Dynamics 365 for Marketing.

* **Event Management**
Plan and host an in-person or webinar event. This includes an online portal that attendees can use to view the event schedule, speakers, and register for the event. Currently, this feature is only available in Dynamics 365 for Marketing.

* **Customer Comments**
Create online surveys and analyze the results. This feature is bundled with the Marketing app, but is also available separately as an add-on to other Dynamics 365 products.

* **Dynamics 365 Connector for LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms**
Import leads generated by the LinkedIn Leads tool into Dynamics 365. This feature is bundled with the Marketing app, but is also available separately as an add-on to other Dynamics 365 products.

* **Dynamics 365 Portal**
The Marketing app uses the Dynamics 365 portal to publish events, marketing pages, and online surveys. The portal is bundled with the Marketing app, but can also be used separately as an add-on to other Dynamics 365 products. It includes a ready-to-use, feature-rich event portal. This is specific to the Event Management feature.


Quote from: [What's included in Dynamics 365 for Marketing](https://docs.microsoft.com/ja-jp/dynamics365/marketing/overview)


## About Licensing
The licensing for Dynamics 365 for Marketing is as shown in the reference information.
<!-- Image= ma_1.png  -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_1.png" >}}


Quotes: [about price](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/ja-jp/marketing/overview/#pricing)

If you are currently using **10 or more licenses of Dynamics 365 Customer Engagement Plan**, you can start using Dynamics 365 for Marketing right away.  
<!-- Image= ma_2.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_2.png" >}}


Therefore, this article will introduce the setup of for Marketing, assuming that you are already using at least 10 licenses of Dynamics 365 Customer Engagement Plan.

## Setup Prerequisites
Before you set up Dynamics 365 for Marketing, please review the following prerequisites.

All of the following requirements must be met in order to run the setup wizard.

<!-- Quate Box -->
* You must already own an Office 365 tenant.
* You must be running the Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement app version 9.0 or later (provided with most trial versions and standalone Marketing setups).
* You must sign in to your Office 365 tenant with a user account that has all of the following 
* A Dynamics 365 license assigned to an Office 365 tenant.
* Administrative privileges on the instance of Dynamics 365 where you want to install Marketing. 
* Permission to register applications in Azure. The global administrator always has this permission, but other accounts can have it as well. See "Do I have permission to register applications in Azure?" for information on how to check this setting for your account.
* The tenant must have an unconfigured Dynamics 365 for Marketing app available.
* An unconfigured portal app must be available in the tenant. Depending on the Dynamics 365 for Marketing licensing plan you have selected, the license may include a free portal (if the tenant does not already have other free portals in use), or you may need to purchase a portal license before installing the Marketing app. Before installing the Marketing app, you may need to purchase a portal license. 
* You must reside in a country/region where the product is supported. For an up-to-date list of countries/regions where you can use Dynamics 365 for Marketing, please download the Microsoft Dynamics 365 country availability document (PDF).
* Before you begin, close all other browser windows and tabs.
* Clear your browser's cache before you begin.

Quote: [Run the setup wizard](https://docs.microsoft.com/ja-jp/dynamics365/marketing/purchase-setup)

There are many requirements, but I think the most important ones are that the **Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement app must be version 9.0** and that the **tenant must have an unconfigured portal app available**. I have experienced delays in validation due to stumbling over the setup on these two points, so if you are at the validation level, I would recommend using the trial version.

## Enable Dynamics 365 for Marketing features
First, access the Dynamics 365 Management Center. Select your instance and click on the "Solution" button.
<!-- Image= ma_3.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_3.png" >}}


Select Dynamics 365 for Marketing and click Install.
<!-- Image= ma_4.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_4.png" >}}


Click "Accept" under "Requested permissions.
<!-- Image= ma_5.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_5.png" >}}


Add the name of the organization you want to connect to and the URL of the web portal you want to use for Dynamics 365 for Marketing.

The URL of the Web portal can be set freely.
<!-- Image= ma_6.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_6.png" >}}


After checking the checkboxes and entering the address where you want to use Dynamics 365 for Marketing, click "Setup". This will start the setup of the application. The setup will take about 70 minutes, so please be patient.
<!-- Image= ma_7.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_7.png" >}}


Make sure the installation is complete.
<!-- Image= ma_8.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_8.png" >}}


## Accessing Dynamics 365 for Marketing
Access your Dynamics 365 instance as usual. Open the application list.
Click on "Marketing" when it appears.
<!-- Image= ma_9.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_9.png" >}}


This is the top screen of Dynamics for Marketing.
<!-- Image= ma_10.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_10.png" >}}


Open the left panel to see the Dynamics for Marketing features.
<!-- Image= ma_11.png -->
{{< imagedisplay src="ma_11.png" >}}


I'll touch on each of these one at a time.

That's all for now. See you next time.     
&nbsp;